holy shit it's markiplier again hell
yeah let me rub your name we're back
swing player unknown I won last game so
slim you be easy that's fine
[Music]
fucking hate that price stop god fucking
dammit dick McAdams snick - yeah fuck
someone landed and they went in the
building before I did but I guess it's
not a bad oh shit there is I'm out I'm
up oxygen by right this is a great start
there yes I sign
Leroy Jenkins shit right here
[Music]
yeah oh you got mustard yes oh I'm so
sorry okay alright fuck I thought these
cars or real alright I always go like
edge of the city because then I know at
least where they won't be coming from
most likely hey that's Knifer oh yes
never gotten a sniper I'll take that
shit Domo Domo Domo Domo pretty good
come on give me something some gas
without answer gotta close the doors now
not making that mistake again
there we go I think the AEK is my
favorite no fuck's sake give me back my
helmet come on come up oh fuck I'm I
need a backpack
come on me I hate being in buildings it
fucking scares me
I need a backpack for fuck's sake throw
some shit okay cool yes thank you
the beginning is always so fucking dead
unless like every gun like hey some
foods why not
unless like you go in the middle of all
the shit you're just gonna fucking chill
for a while most likely so I think I saw
a car in the outskirts
I really want to just get a car because
a guy to keep moving notice
that's my fucking Volvo ain't nobody
touch it
fuck I don't like your running around
like this and it makes me nervous a dot
yeah here we go
I know why I feel safer in a car okay
makes me feel
okay
jump whoa Oh excellent driving I'm the
best driver ever thank you very much
I wasn't really now you just hold down
fucking old to look around I didn't no
one fucking told me that
if I can find anyone the motion I can
running around here
so fucking hard to see when you're
moving though
oh hell no
follow him
Oh what the fuck were you doing
okay cool bolbo everyone and the fuck
did his shit go and the fuck is they
come on dude where's this lunchbox oh
there it is nice hell yeah I'll be
taking this and this okay doesn't have
that much yeah I prefer the a K I still
don't know what ammo goes towards I'll
just fucking take whatever
get in get in get in get it oh shit oh
shit oh shit
Oh my house my fucking out Jase there's
Christ Oh am i alive get that fuck out
of here Volvo I got a heal I got a heal
so fucking I can't heal when I Drive
fuck what I do I'm so fucked one shot
and I'm dead one little puff on my butt
a fart could kill
getting the fuck out of here
I need a hit live man
okay here should begin lay down heal up
wait I got a med kit yeah hell yeah hell
yeah
fuck you for shooting me how dare you
shoot in my Volvo
or Volvo copy I don't fucking know you
know what you know what you know what
you're gonna regret doing that shit yeah
I mean what they're still running so
fucking stupid
I'm trying to see if I like extra sense
that I don't know what the fuck it's
called in English there's like anyone
behind serious baby is that's what you
fucking get asshole hell yeah
oh shit oh shit give me shit give me
shit bandage military with hell yeah
I'll take that shit whoo nice okay okay
worth it worth it
anyone else anyone else that wants the
fury of the Volvo nes defense today
the comment will translate I don't know
what the fuck you call it
you're not getting in this white circle
I'm the guardian
are you yeah oh oh you see me you
deceive me
the slalom bah-bah-bah
oh my god
hell yeah I'm sorry dude I'm really
sorry that's got to suck for you man I
get it
killed by Volvo oh shit
no mine is better okay I don't know
fucking let's just get out of here can
you imagine just pull out of nowhere oh
shit come with what fuckin asshole don't
shoot my car great ad oh fuck em in shit
fuck
what do I do seriously what do I do
my car is fucked my car isn't fucking
fire
fuck what do I do set in yeah yeah I
hear you say okay okay okay oh fuck you
hell yeah fuck you for shooting my car
hey birthday
fucking excellent that
anyone else fuck I'm scared there is a
car up there this might be incredibly
fucking stupid but I'm gonna have to
abandon the Volvo I know it hurts my
soul
it hurts my berry essence of life
and it hurts Who I am and what I believe
in I got two minutes should be fine
got to drive pretty far though I'm okay
painkillers would be nice this is going
to hurt a little bit I'm just going to
call you ball ball just for Sweden sake
I know there's probably some Russian
and fucking hurting man
if I win this whole thing just with the
car I'm going to shit myself just with
the Volvo
and you found fragile e
this video is sponsored by Volvo by the
way folded slogan
and hope I see someone
are you shooting that other car
I'm going to pretend like I don't see
him just kidding I see you oh hell yeah
thank you
oh my god Volvo I don't think it's name
hell yeah yeah this is definitely a good
spot this is how you play player unknown
mountain goat style just as long as no
one tonight oh oh we're gonna need a new
tragedy here
I mean Gila fucking bandages suck
yet the run
make it pick up on it oh shit there yes
sir yes sir
run bitch run oh hell yeah oh my god
ridiculous you got fuck-boy touch again
that's what I fucking get sorry freedom
hater more like freedom whatever got him
oh shit oh shit oh shit shit I wasn't
paying attention
fuck shit get out of here gotta get
oh shit another fuckin demon
fuck that a man
learn you're riding a circle but it's
pretty up in sign for I fucking well
we're just going to chill here for a
while everyone top of the money into you
this is my new house this is where I
make videos now all right we're heading
out time to move again on the road again
then everybody's hanging I'm I'm going
rolled again I don't know the lyrics or
the melody and roll it again no no not
today
oh no nope stop nope I'm value
stop
the fucking stop shoot stop stop stop
fucking asshole
all right this is where I hung out when
I won last time my spot although I'm not
going inside fuck that shit it's where I
belong in the trash we're top ten we're
top ten everyone fuck me man
why am I sitting okay all right
there's bound to be someone here yep the
answer is to get okay alright alright
alright alright I get it
maybe not the best idea to drive a
vehicle here in the mountain I got it
Julie noted it looks like it's about to
explode as well maybe you know what I'll
park here thank you come on Felix come
on main you got this bitch I'm gonna
make sure we're safe okay this circle
just got smaller
just like my butthole this is great I'm
gonna drink a Red Bull everyone think
I've earned it
hey you know what double up it's
caffeine time baby maybe doing some
chess okay it's me and seven people come
on six people left
I feel like if I get it if I get to the
top I don't think there's anyone behind
me I should have a pretty good spot oh
there's definitely someone up here come
on
Oh
all right let's sneak up on it
fuck is he fuck I'm nervous now it's
five people come on where where oh no
lock no damn it oh it was a good run it
was really fun
I enjoy that one I hope it was fun for
you anyway obviously I'm not gonna win
them all but if you enjoy watching leave
a like I really appreciate all the
positive comments on the on this and I'm
genuinely having such a blast playing
like I'm fucking it's an exciting game I
really enjoy it and there I don't
fucking know fuck this game I'm
uninstalling